Suez water: add water price sensor (#35657)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/suez_water.markdown

---

The **Suez Water** {% term integration %} fetches your water consumption data from the French water provider [Tout Sur Mon Eau](https://www.toutsurmoneau.fr) website.

## Sensors

- The **Water usage yesterday** sensor shows yesterday's water consumption data if that data is available.

> - The **Water price** sensor give the current water price in euro per cubic meter (€/m3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **Water price** sensor shows the current water price in euros per cubic meter (€/m3).
```
